...Psst... Open your eyes, little one... You've been asleep for far too long.

Ah, there you are. It's good to see you back on your feet; I was a tad concerned.
You travelled all the way down here and collapsed just like that. I suppose mortality can be stressful.
Little Knower to Be... or, I suppose I should just call you 'Knower' now. Heh.
After all, it was your knowledge that brought peace to this world.
I suppose a nap was well-deserved. Though, you were out for quite a while...
Ahem. Regardless. You look well-rested now, so shall I fill you in on the news?
...Ah, right. You don't speak. I suppose I'll take that as a 'yes'.

Well, in celebration of our newfound world peace... I'll be throwing a party in one week.
Everyone's invited, of course... And I've heard quite a few of the locals are hoping to see you there.
In fact... I've heard that many of them look up to you, thanks to your little feat of great knowledge.
One even mentioned offering themselves as a date for the party... Ahem. I shan't gossip.
Regardless. You've got seven days to get to know the locals. Enjoy yourself, why don't you?
I wouldn't want to stress you further, after you've worked so hard for us all...

Ah, you probably don't want to listen to me blather on much longer. Go on now.
The worm-tunnel to the east will take you to the surface. Jättimato will be glad to assist you.
When it gets dark, return here. There's a Kammi in the Holy Mountain west of here for you to rest in.
Farewell for now, Knower. Good luck on your journey.

-- INTRODUCTION TO ENCOUNTERS --
You've entered your first Encounter! Encounters take place over five turns.
First, you can choose to TINKER with a wand, use an ITEM, CHAT with your opponent, or FLEE.
Choose any option to learn more!

TINKERING is your main way of winning your opponent's AFFECTION.
Take TACTICS from your inventory and combine them together in a way that'll be sure to capture the opponent's heart!

ITEMS are one-use consumables that you can gift to opponents to quickly raise their AFFECTION.
Giving the right gift to the right person can have incredible effects!

CHATTING with an opponent provides you with increased defense for the turn.
They might also give you some information that'll help to win their love!

FLEEING ends the encounter prematurely, which means it won't take any time out of your day.
However, this forfeits any AFFECTION that you've gained, as well as losing you a little extra.